http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/jellyfish-25-mbps-hd-hevc.flv                                                                                   standalone      jellyfish            5   standalone-jellyfish[flv,1920x1080,30s,v1,i76p824b0,fps29.97].flv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/grb_2.flv                                                                                                       standalone      grb2                 5   standalone-grb_2[flv,720x480,28s,v1,i75p760b0,fps29.97].flv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/page18-movie-4.flv                                                                                              standalone      page18               5   standalone-page18[flv+mp3,420x270,216s,v1a1,i452p4949b0,fps25].flv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/star_trails.flv                                                                                                 standalone      star                 5   standalone-star[flv+mp3,1280x720,21s,v1a1,i45p484b0,fps25].flv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/video-sample.flv                                                                                                standalone      video                5   standalone-video[flv+none,320x240,59s,v1a1,i45p179b0,]-unknown-audio-codec.flv

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/dolbycanyon.3gp                                                                                                 standalone      dolbycanyon          bad dolbycanyon[h263,704x576,38s,i96p1045b0,v1].3gp
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/jellyfish-25-mbps-hd-hevc.3gp                                                                                   standalone      jellyfish            5   jellyfish-25-mbps-hd-hevc[codec=h263]_only_video_stream.3gp
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/page18-movie-4.3gp                                                                                              standalone      page18               5   page18-movie-4[codec=h263].3gp
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.3gp                                                                                                       standalone      small                5   small[codec=h263].3gp
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/star_trails.3gp                                                                                                 standalone      star                 5   star_trails[codec=h263].3gp
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/TRA3106.3gp                                                                                                     standalone      TRA                  5   TRA3106[codec=h263]_only_video_stream.3gp
https://sample-videos.com/video123/3gp/144/big_buck_bunny_144p_1mb.3gp                                                                                              sample          bigbunny             5   sample-bigbunny[h263+amrnb,176x144,41s,v1a1,i51p559b0,fps15].3gp

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/DLP_PART_2_768k.mov                                                                                             standalone      DLP                  5   DLP_PART_2_768k[codec=h264].mov
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/dolbycanyon.m4v                                                                                                 standalone      dolbycanyon          5   dolbycanyon[codec=h264].m4v
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/grb_2.m4v                                                                                                       standalone      grb2                 5   grb_2[codec=h264]_only_video_stream.m4v
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/P6090053.mp4                                                                                                    standalone      P6090053             5   P6090053[codec=h264].mp4
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/page18-movie-4.m4v                                                                                              standalone      page18               5   page18-movie-4[codec=h264]_audio_video_index_reverse.m4v
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/Panasonic_HDC_TM_700_P_50i.mts                                                                                  standalone      Panasonic            5   Panasonic_HDC_TM_700_P_50i(codec=h264)_video_audio_subtitles_streams.mts
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.mts                                                                                                       standalone      small                5   small(codec=h264).mts
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.mkv                                                                                                       standalone      small                5   small[codec=h264].mkv
https://github.com/Matroska-Org/matroska-test-files/raw/8d787c3c4e51fea562d1297be06c5b4c51ac6468/test_files/test5.mkv                                               matroska        test5                5   test5(codec=h264)_2_audio_and_8_sub_streams.mkv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/video-sample.mts                                                                                                standalone      video                5   video-sample(codec=h264)_only_video_stream.mts
https://archive.org/download/RelaxAtTheRiverLakeCCBYNatureClip/Relax%20at%20the%20River%20Lake%20CC-BY%20NatureClip.mov                                             natureclip      relaxriver           bad natureclip-relaxriver(codec=h264)_3_streams_unsupported_data.mov

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/jellyfish-25-mbps-hd-hevc.mkv                                                                                   standalone      jellyfish            5   jellyfish-25-mbps-hd-hevc[codec=hevc]_only_video_stream.mkv
http://dl3.h265files.com/video-h265.mkv                                                                                                                             h265files       alps                 5   video-h265(codec=hevc).mkv

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/P6090053.mov                                                                                                    standalone      P6090053             5   P6090053[codec=mjpeg].mov
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/TRA3106.avi                                                                                                     standalone      TRA                  5   TRA3106[codec=mjpeg]_only_video_stream.avi
https://archive.org/download/MoonCloseUpFreeStockFootage/Moon%20Close%20Up%20PhotoJPEG.mov                                                                          beachfront      moonclose            bad moonclose(codec=mjpeg)_video_and_unsupported_data_stream.mov
https://archive.org/download/MoonAndCloudsTimeLapse2/MoonAndClouds2Photojpeg.mov                                                                                    beachfront      moonandcloud         bad MoonAndClouds2Photojpeg(codec=mjpeg)_video_and_unsupported_data_stream.mov

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/lion-sample.mpeg                                                                                                standalone      lion                 5   lion-sample[codec=mpeg1video].mpeg

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/dolbycanyon.vob                                                                                                 standalone      dolbycanyon          bad dolbycanyon(codec=mpeg2video)_3_streams_@_Unsupported codec_@.vob
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/grb_2.vob                                                                                                       standalone      grb2                 5   grb_2(codec=mpeg2video)_video_stream_only.vob
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/grb_2.mpg                                                                                                       standalone      grb2                 5   grb_2[codec=mpeg2video]_only_video_stream.mpg
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.vob                                                                                                       standalone      small                5   small(codec=mpeg2video).vob
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.mpg                                                                                                       standalone      small                bad small[codec=mpeg2video]_3_streams_@_Unsupported codec_@.mpg
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/TRA3106.mpeg                                                                                                    standalone      TRA                  bad TRA3106[codec=mpeg2video]_video_and_data_stream_!_Unsupported codec_!.mpeg
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/video-sample.mpg                                                                                                standalone      video                bad video-sample[codec=mpeg2video]_video_and_data_stream_@_Unsupported codec_@.mpg
https://archive.org/download/DandelionroyaltyFreeStockVideo/Dandelion.mpeg                                                                                          beachfront      dandelion            5   Dandelion(codec=mpeg2video).mpeg

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/page18-movie-4.avi                                                                                              standalone      page18               5   page18-movie-4[codec=mpeg4].avi
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/Panasonic_HDC_TM_700_P_50i.avi                                                                                  standalone      Panasonic            5   Panasonic_HDC_TM_700_P_50i[codec=mpeg4].avi
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.avi                                                                                                       standalone      small                5   small[codec=mpeg4].avi
https://sample-videos.com/video123/3gp/240/big_buck_bunny_240p_1mb.3gp                                                                                              sample          bigbunny             5   sample-bigbunny[mpeg4+aac,320x240,15s,v1a1,i32p343b0,fps25].3gp
https://sample-videos.com/video123/mkv/720/big_buck_bunny_720p_1mb.mkv                                                                                              sample          bigbunny             5   sample-bigbunny[mpeg4+aac,1280x720,4s,v1a1,i1p146b0,fps25].mkv
https://sample-videos.com/video123/mp4/360/big_buck_bunny_360p_1mb.mp4                                                                                              sample          bigbunny             5   sample-bigbunny[mpeg4+aac,640x368,6s,v1a1,i1p159b0,fps25].mp4

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.webm                                                                                                      standalone      small                5   small(codec=vp8).webm
https://base-n.de/webm/out8.webm                                                                                                                                    basen           out8                 5   basen-out8[vp8,512x288,10s,v1,i1p247b0,fps25].webm
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/99/Video_Codec_Test_tractor_1080p25.y4m.webm                                                                       wikipedia       tractor              5   wikipedia-tractor[vp8+vorbis,1920x1080,28s,v1a1,i6p684b0,fps25].webm
http://dl3.webmfiles.org/big-buck-bunny_trailer.webm                                                                                                                webmfiles       bigbunny             5   webmfiles-bigbunny[vp8+vorbis,640x360,32s,v1a1,i26p786b0,fps25].webm

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/star_trails.webm                                                                                                standalone      star                 5   star_trails(codec=vp9).webm
https://base-n.de/webm/out9.webm                                                                                                                                    basen           out9                 5   basen-out9[vp9,512x288,10s,v1,i1p247b0,fps25].webm
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/transcoded/9/99/Video_Codec_Test_tractor_1080p25.y4m.webm/Video_Codec_Test_tractor_1080p25.y4m.webm.480p.vp9.webm    wikipedia       tractor              5   wikipedia-tractor[vp9+vorbis,854x480,28s,v1a1,i3p687b0,fps25].webm

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/Video1.wmv                                                                                                      standalone      Video1               5    Video1(codec=wmv1).wmv

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/grb_2.wmv                                                                                                       standalone      grb2                 5    grb_2(codec=wmv2)_video_stream_only.wmv
http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/small.wmv                                                                                                       standalone      small                5    small(codec=wmv2).wmv
http://techslides.com/demos/samples/sample.wmv                                                                                                                      techslides      small                5    small[wmv2+wmav2,320x240,6s,v1a1,i1p165b0,fps30].wmv

http://mirrors.standaloneinstaller.com/video-sample/Catherine_Part1.wmv                                                                                             standalone      Catherine            5    Catherine_Part1(codec=wmv3).wmv
https://archive.org/download/FireAndEmbersCCBYNatureClip2012/Fire%20and%20Embers%20CC-BY%20NatureClip%202012.wmv                                                    natureclip      fireand              5    natureclip-Fireand[wmv3+wmav2,1280x720,63s,v1a1,i351p1539b0,fps29.97].wmv
https://archive.org/download/MoonCloseUpFreeStockFootage/Moon%20Close%20Up%20WMV.wmv                                                                                beachfront      moonclose            5    moonclose(codec=wmv3)_only_video_stream.wmv
https://archive.org/download/SleepingBee/SleepingBeeWmv.wmv                                                                                                         beachfront      sleepingbee          5    SleepingBeeWmv(codec=wmv3).wmv
https://users.wfu.edu/yipcw/atg/vid/katamari-star8-10s.wmv                                                                                                          wfu             katamari             5    wfu-katamari[wmv3+wmav2,640x480,10s,v1a1,i2p298b0,fps29.97].wmv

https://github.com/Matroska-Org/matroska-test-files/raw/8d787c3c4e51fea562d1297be06c5b4c51ac6468/test_files/test1.mkv                                               matroska        test1                5    test1(codec=msmpeg4v2).mkv

https://github.com/Matroska-Org/matroska-test-files/raw/8d787c3c4e51fea562d1297be06c5b4c51ac6468/test_files/test4.mkv                                               matroska        test4                bad  test4(codec=theora)_invalid_EBML_number.mkv
http://techslides.com/demos/sample-videos/small.ogv                                                                                                                 techslides      small                5    small(codec=theora)_3_streams.ogv

https://woolyss.com/f/caminandes-1-llama-drama-av1-opus-480p.webm                                                                                                   woolyss         llama                5    woolyss-llama[av1+opus,854x480,87s,v1a1,i0p0b0,fps24].webm

https://archive.org/download/MoonAndCloudsTimeLapse2/MoonAndClouds2Dnxhd.mov                                                                                        beachfront      moonandcloud         5    beachfront-moonandcloud[dnxhd,1920x1080,50s,v1d1,i1192p0b0,fps24]-unsupported-data.mov
